I'm Michelle. Hello, Harry. It's nice to see you again.
Hello.
Hi, Susan. We have both been excited about seeing you and having lunch with you today.
Michelle picked these flowers up.
Daddy, can we go soon?
We're going to go to lunch in a few minutes, honey.
But I'm thirsty.
Okay. You go out and get a drink of water at the fountain.
The fountain is over there, Michelle. Near the exit sign.
Thank you.
Michelle is a little shy.
I used to be that way when I was her age.
Harry, if Michelle doesn't want to go, we don't have to.
She'll be fine.
But I haven't dated anyone else since her mother died.
This is a little difficult for her. Are you ready to go?
Yes. But could you wait one minute?
I have a call to make. Would you excuse me?
Sam, get Mr. Levine at Toy Town Stores on the telephone for me, please.
Right.
Hello, Susan Stewart calling Mr. Levine, please.
He's on the phone.
Mr. Levine, Susan Stewart.
I find myself in an embarrassing situation.
I made another lunch date for today and forgot to enter it in my appointment book.
Can you and I meet for drinks tomorrow?
I'd really appreciate it.
Yes. Thank you.
Tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the built more.
I'll see you then. Thank you, Mr. Levine.
Welcome to the South Street restaurant, folks. What a lit-be.
What do you recommend?
Well, the crap salads always a big hit.
Susan, would you like the crap salad?
I love the crap salad.
Michelle, would you like to try the crap salad too?
Okay, Dad.
We'll have the three crap salads and a pitcher of lemon.
Help yourself to sell rain carrots and other vegetables.
We used to catch carrots.
Where was that?
We had a summer house on fire.
Do you remember, Michelle?
Sure. You and Mom used to take me off very fast.
Sometimes at night, we would go down to the beach.
Catch carrots, remember?
Some of the people need us to read.
Right. Well, I think I'm going to go get us all in some vegetables.
Oh, okay.
Hello?
Thank you.
And some ice-cold lemonade.
Michelle, can I help you with lemonade?
Can I thank you all me for my father?
Michelle, can I talk?
Sure.
I know you missed your mother.
You do?
Yes.
And I'm not trying to take her place.
Then why are you and Daddy spending so much time together?
Because we like each other.
And right now, he needs a friend.
I'm his friend.
I know you are.
Sometimes he's very sad.
And so are you, I think.
Sometimes.
I'd like to be your friend, too.
Will you let me be your friend, Michelle?
So, what were you two talking about?
Just girl top daddy.
It's two of our kids' plane.
Probably right.
Well, let's get started.
I'm not going to be your friend.